the most beautiful view of the
automotive news offers in autumn
the paris car salon
Here is a small but fine selection in the
compact suv segment becomes the
Kulleräugige 4 500 xi look at himself
pull
the technology comes from the jeep renegade
is called the 500 iks it is with front and
give four-wheel drive
the new lexus lx expands the range
the luxury of japan by a suv x3 format
the lexus lx follows the fashion of
sloping roofs
that does not make fancier
more practical as a platform is the
toyota rav4 already in october will be the
shrill japanese in europe in the trade
come as nx 300 ha so as hybrid 125
liter gasoline plus electric drive with
a system output of 197 ps a
great comeback experienced an almost dead
said car genus of the sports car
eye catching will be the mercedes gp amg the
Sporting bands takes the Porsche
carrera to the chest and bring for it
some with the v8 turbo with 510 hp all
construction method and a price of around
130,000 euros
he just lacks the image icing
the wing doors behind the stern once
represent
maybe this will happen later
roadster expected otherwise and long in
paris then to admire the new mazda
mx 5
the purist roadster stands for the
pure teaching little weight four cylinder
at most 180 ps
the mercedes it with the model diversity
serious means also shows the cls shooting
break the first compact come like that
stuttgarter puts less on utility
as elegant as the sloping tail
conclusion shows the British drive in the
middle class with the sporty jaguar
xe in front of the car you want in the district
the established German brands images
thanks to aluminum platform less than 14
tons easily with new four-cylinder
engines up to 300 km h fast and loud
standard consumption with co2 emissions below
100 g
per kilometer for the small arrives
success type on the edge of the skoda fabia
not only wants to be practical in the future
but also a bit cool
could work in the upper class
presents renault in his homeland
new train and that is no if more
but a sporty printed room
car with four or five still sitting
but with hinged doors and individually
movable sitting
the v6 engine is on the edge
hybrid drive, however, is quite
possible
The Paris Motor Show will be a show of
big boom segment of the small car and
the suv while the middle class the
passat taken out and the
Take a short break in a compact case
swirl the city ​​cars and the
rolling high seats in splendid
variety